Foodopian Privacy Policy

Last updated: June 15th, 2017
Foodopian LLC (hereinafter referred to as “Foodopian”, “we”, “us” or “our”) welcome you to Foodopian site and mobile app, an online marketplace for social dining available at http://www.foodopian.com (hereinafter, the “Site” or “Service”), which offers an online community based on college markets for Hosts and Guests to have Food Events together (as these terms are defined in our Terms of Services available at http://www.foodopian.com). We are committed to protect the personal information that you, whether as a Host or as a Guest (“User” or “you”), share with us. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use the Site, Services and Mobile App.
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Service, into which this Privacy Policy is incorporated thereto by reference.

1.  Your Consent (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!)
BY ENTERING, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY”), INCLUDING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND USE THE SITE, SERVICES AND MOBILE APP.

2. Which Information we may collect on our Users?
We may collect two types of data and information:
a. The first type is non-identifiable and anonymous information (“Non-personal Information”). We are not aware of the identity of the User from whom we have collected the Non-personal Information. Non-Personal Information is any unconcealed information which does not enable identification of an individual User, and which is available to us while such User is entering and/or using Foodopian. Non-Personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioral information and aggregated information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of the User on the Site and Mobile App, type of operating system, User's 'click-stream' or searches on the Site and Mobile App, referral URL, type and version of browser and keyboard language, screen resolution, etc. 
b. The second type of information is individually identifiable information (“Personal Information”). This information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature. Personal Information which is being gathered consists of any personal details provided voluntarily by the User or other Users to Foodopian.

Users of Foodopian automatically provide their IP address (or Mac Address, as applicable) mainly for enhancing the User's experience and for geo-location and security purposes as further detailed below.
In addition, Personal Information which is being gathered consists of any personal details provided consciously and voluntarily by the User:
The Personal Information is collected from the details the Users provide in the Registration Form available on the Site and Mobile App, which includes the following: full name, e-mail address, social security number, copies of official IDs, and place of residence. In addition, when updating their profile, the User may also provide, at his/her sole discretion, information such as photos, languages spoken, name, gender, date of birth, payment/payout information etc.
Alternatively, a User can open an Account and sign up to Foodopian via existing third party accounts (namely Facebook) used by such User (“Social Network Account”). In the event that a User registers to Foodopian through his/her existing Social Network Account, then such Social Network Account provides us with access to certain information about such User as is stored in the User’s Social Network Account, namely, the User's full name and email and/or any other information which is detailed and displayed to the User in the notice which appears during the integration process with such Social Network Account. Please read carefully such notice in order to understand what information is made available to us via your Social Network Account. We may collect your log-in information and other relevant information necessary to enable us to access your Social Network Account in order to collect the abovementioned data contained within your Social Network Account which you provided us access to. We may store the above-mentioned information (or any part of it), in order to achieve the purposes set forth herein. Please remember that the manner in which social networks use, store or disclose your information is governed solely by their policies and we will have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of such social networks. If you do not agree to these practices please do not use the social network integration feature. You hereby agree that such information will be stored even after the linkage to your Social Network Account expires, for any reason.
If you wish to become a Host, you will be required to submit through Foodopian an application, after your registration, in which you will be requested to provide certain information, which may include Personal Information, such as photos. You will be required to provide additional information, at a later stage, during your profile update process, such as your address, your phone number, etc. Additional information may be requested in the future.
In addition, to the extent that you wish to make a Reservation, you will have the option to use certain Online Payment Processors which will require you to fill out a billing form wherein you will be required to provide to such Online Payment Processors certain Personal Information (such as, a credit card number and other related billing information) (see section 6 below regarding the payment method). We will not store such information on our servers. We only keep token information such Online Payment Processors provide us with, and such information is strictly secured.
Foodopian do not store any medical information about Users, such as food allergies and/or any other allergies. In the event you have any food allergies or other relevant medical information, make sure you notify to your Host in advance.
For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, inter alia, through your active acceptance to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.

3.  How Do we Collect Information from Our Users? 
There are two main methods we use:
We collect information through your use of the Site or Mobile App. In other words, when you are using the Site we are aware of it and may gather, collect and store the information relating to such usage, either independently or through the help of third-party service providers as detailed below.
We collect information which you provide us voluntarily. For example, we collect Personal information which you voluntarily provide during the Registration Process within the Site. We may gather, collect and store the Personal Information either independently or through the help of our authorized third-party service providers as detailed below.  

4. What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information? 
Non-personal Information is collected in order to:
Enhance the User's experience on the Service (e.g. by determining the screen resolutions) to improve our Service and enable future commercial related services.
Use it for statistical and research purposes and for customization and improvement of Foodopian’s interface, for example, learn about the preferences of Users and general trends on the Service (e.g. understand which features are more popular than others).
Personal Information is collected in order to:
?Enable the overall operation of the Service
?Personalize your experience on the Service.
?Provide you with certain information and services available only to registered Users.
?Allow us to contact you with proposals and tailored information regarding Food Events and other events, offers, services, etc.
?Determine general geo-location information (i.e., country, state, community, etc.) from which the User's computer is connected to the Internet in order for us to know the general location of Foodopian’s Users as well as in order to safeguard Foodopian’s Site, Service and Mobile App.
?Enable payment through third party Online Payment Processors. Please note that we do not collect and store credit card or other financial information.

5. Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties 
The Service allows you to share your third party accounts' profile information (e.g. Facebook) with other Users on Foodopian’s Site and Mobile App, such as your Hosts or Guests, respectively. Please note that certain information which you have defined as private on your third party account (e.g. information which is visible to Facebook friends only) may become public to other Foodopian’s Users through the Service if you have defined such information to be public on Foodopian’s Service.
Foodopian will share Personal Information it collects to the extent that such disclosure is required for operating the Services offered via the Site or Mobile App. Mainly, some of the information collected from you via the Site, Service and Mobile App will be public to some Users, as your Hosts or Guests. Please note that Hosts' Personal Information (such as address and contact details) will not be disclosed to all Foodopian’s Users, rather only to the relevant Guests who placed a Reservation for Food Event with such Hosts.
Foodopian may also disclose Personal Information it collects in the following cases: (a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party; (e) to respond to claims that contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment; (f) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public; (g) when Foodopian is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company; (h) to collect, hold and manage your Personal Information through Foodopian's authorized third parties service providers  (including, as applicable, their affiliates as necessary to provide us with the requested services), as reasonable for business purposes, which may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction; (i) to enable payment through certain online payment method (see section 6 below); (j) to cooperate with third parties for the purpose of enhancing the User's experience and provide you with the Services; (k) to let our partners and affiliates serve you with commercials; and/or (l) pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure.
For avoidance of doubt, Foodopian may transfer and disclose Non-personal Information to third parties at its own discretion.

6. Payment
We accept certain online payment methods, using our Online Payment Processors, which enable Users to send and receive payments securely online using a credit card or bank account. We may add or change the Online Payment Processors at our sole discretion. Foodopian is not affiliated with such Online Payment Processors (for more information see our Terms of Service), as each is an independent contractor, and neither is the agent or employee of the other, and neither is responsible in any way for the actions or performance (or lack thereof) of the other. The use of the Online Payment Processors is at the User's discretion and sole liability and risk. It is the User's responsibility to abide by all the terms specified by the Online Payment Processors in their terms of use and privacy policies, including but not limited to any age restrictions specified therein. You acknowledge that you are fully assuming the risks of conducting any transactions via the Online Payment Processors.

7. Deletion or Modification of Personal Information
If for any reason you wish to update or modify your Personal Information you can do so within your Account. In the event that you wish to close your Account or delete the Personal Information included therein you may do so using the Settings of the Account or by sending us an e-mail request to info@foodopian.com and we will make reasonable efforts to do so pursuant to any applicable privacy laws.
We will retain and use your Personal Information for a reasonable time after termination as necessary to comply with our legal or business requirements or obligations (including as required by applicable law), to resolve disputes and/or to enforce our Terms. Aggregated and/or anonymous data derived from Account may remain on our servers indefinitely. Note that unless you instruct us otherwise we may retain your Personal Information for a reasonable period as required to provide you with the Services, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws.
Foodopian cannot ensure that third parties who gained access to the Personal Information (e.g. the applicable Guests or Hosts) deleted your Personal Information or monitor their use of such information.

8. Social Features
Our Site and Mobile App includes social media features (“Social Features”). The Social Features are operated or allow for social integration with certain third party social networks or third party platforms (“Social Network” or “Platform(s)”). These Social Networks and Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by Foodopian. If you enable this integration with such Social Networks and Platforms, your use of the Social Features is subject to the applicable third party Social Network’s or Platform’s terms of use and privacy policies. You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not allow Foodopian to interact with such Social Networks or Platforms, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available via Foodopian. You understand that where you allow interaction with any third party Social Network or Platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include, without limitation, your name and your social media profile picture. By using the Social Features you hereby agree and understand that the applicable Social Networks or Platforms may collect certain Personal Information, such as your IP address, Non-personal Information and may set cookies and/or other web tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the Social Features. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the Social Features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content via Social Networks or Platforms that your content may become public and others may re-post-it.

9. Cookies & Local Storage 
When you access or use the Site, the Service or the Mobile App, Foodopian may place and use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” and Flash (or similar tracking technologies), which stores certain information on your computer (“Local Storage”) and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, does not include any information about you, other than your session key and are removed as your session ends (usually after 24 hours). It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer's hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash you should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings of Flash, your online experience may be limited.
We may also use certain third-party cookies and web-tracking technologies. These are a different kind of cookies and web-tracking technologies, stored on your computer and/or on your End-Users devices by third parties, rather than by the Company. We do not control such third party service providers.
The abovementioned cookies and other tracking technologies usually store only a Non-personal Information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc.

10. Security 
We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of Foodopian and User information and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use of your Personal Information will never occur.
FOODOPIAN SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSIONS OR FAILURE TO STORE OR THE THEFT, DELETION, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF ANY DATA OR INFORMATION.

11. Direct Marketing 
You hereby agree that we may use your contact details you provided us with (including, without limitation, e-mail address and phone number) for the purpose of providing you commercial and/or non-commercial materials and informing you regarding current and/or Food Events, products and services (offered by the Company and/or by third parties) which may interest you and to send to you advertisements and other marketing material, transmitted to the e-mail address and/or phone number you have provided. You may withdraw your consent via sending a written notice to the Company by email to the following address: info@foodopian.com or alternatively follow the instructions for removing yourself from the mailing list which are available in the message transmitted to you.

12. Links to Third Party Websites
Certain links provided in Foodopiann permit Users to leave the Site and enter non-Foodopian sites or services. These linked sites and services are not under the control of Foodopian, and Foodopian is not responsible or liable for such linked sites and services' privacy practices and/or any other practices. Your access to, use of and reliance upon any such sites, services and content and your dealings with such third parties are at your sole risk and expense. Those linked sites and services are provided solely as a convenience to you.  Most of such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services, inter alia, in order to know what kind of information they are collecting.

13. International Data Transfer
We may transfer information collected about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities, or to other third party service provides (as provided herein) across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that we may transfer such information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to such transfer of information.

14. Third Party Service Providers
While using the Service we may be using third party software and/or services, in order to collect, host, store and/or process the information detailed herein and mainly for statistical purposes. Foodopian uses commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information. Such software and service include without limitation:                         
Google Analytics which privacy policy can be found at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html, 
Venmo which privacy policy can be found at https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_US, and at https://venmo.com/legal/us-privacy-policy/
However, Foodopian does not control such third party service providers. Please read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand their privacy practices.

15. Minors
Foodopian is intended for Users over the age of eighteen (18). Therefore, Foodopian does not intend and does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under this age of eighteen. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under this age are not using the Site.

16. Advertisements
Users may receive advertisements and commercials from third party advertisers and/or our authorized service providers and/or vendors. By clicking the advertisements or commercials you may be transferred to a website of an advertiser or receive any other messages, information or offers from the advertiser and/or from others. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use Local Storage including without limitation cookies and other web-tracking technologies (such as tracking pixel agent or visitor identification technology, etc.) to collect data regarding advertisement performance, your interaction with such ads and our Site and your interests (which may include, non-personal and/or personal information (such as, device and network information, unique identifiers, gender, age and location) about you) in order to serve you advertisements and for the legitimate business interests of such third parties ad networks. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy of any advertiser with which you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.

17. Changes to the Privacy Policy 
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Site, Services, Mobile App, and any information collected with respect thereto. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Site. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this policy on the homepage of the Site and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you may have provided us with. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on the Site or sent by e-mail, whichever is the earlier. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date and your continued use of the Site after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. In the event that the Terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by the law and without any prior notice.

18. Got any Questions? 
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcomed to send us an email to the following address: info@Foodopian.com and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable time.